oss-deploy-route-optimization-demo/skills/customizations/streamlits.md, before:

---
name: customize-streamlits
description: "Update Function Tester and Simulator Streamlit apps with region-specific coordinates. Use when: changing map region, updating sample addresses. Triggers: customize streamlit, update coordinates, update function tester."
---

# Customize Streamlit Apps

Updates the Function Tester and Simulator Streamlit apps with region-specific coordinates and settings.

## Prerequisites

- Active Snowflake connection
- OpenRouteService Native App deployed
- Know the target region and a major city within it
- Access to:
  - `Native_app/code_artifacts/streamlit/pages/function_tester.py`
  - `Streamlit/routing.py`

## Input Parameters

- `<REGION_NAME>`: The map region (e.g., "great-britain", "switzerland")
- `<NOTEBOOK_CITY>`: A major city within the region for sample data (e.g., "London", "Zurich")

## Workflow

### Step 1: Generate Region-Specific Coordinates

**Goal:** Create sample addresses and coordinates for the region

**Actions:**

1. **For the target region**, generate:
   - 5 START addresses with coordinates (landmarks, transport hubs)
   - 5 END addresses with coordinates (different from start)
   - 20 WAYPOINT addresses spread across the region

2. **Each location needs:**
   - `name`: Short name
   - `lat`: Latitude (decimal degrees)
   - `lon`: Longitude (decimal degrees)
   - `full_address`: Complete address string

3. **Example format:**
   ```python
   REGION_ADDRESSES = {
       'start': {
           'Westminster, London': {'lat': 51.4975, 'lon': -0.1357, 'name': 'Westminster', 'full_address': 'Westminster, London SW1A'},
           'Manchester Centre': {'lat': 53.4808, 'lon': -2.2426, 'name': 'Manchester', 'full_address': 'Manchester City Centre'},
       },
       'end': {
           'Canary Wharf': {'lat': 51.5054, 'lon': -0.0235, 'name': 'Canary Wharf', 'full_address': 'Canary Wharf, London E14'},
       }
   }
   
   REGION_WAYPOINT_ADDRESSES = [
       {'name': 'Covent Garden', 'lat': 51.5117, 'lon': -0.1240, 'full_address': 'Covent Garden, London'},
       {'name': 'Liverpool', 'lat': 53.4084, 'lon': -2.9916, 'full_address': 'Liverpool City Centre'},
   ]
   ```

**Output:** Region-specific coordinate data structures

### Step 2: Update Function Tester

**Goal:** Modify function_tester.py with new coordinates

**Actions:**

1. **Edit** `Native_app/code_artifacts/streamlit/pages/function_tester.py`:

   a. **Update page title** (~line 19):
      - From: `page_title="ORS Function Tester For San Francisco Map"`
      - To: `page_title="ORS Function Tester For <REGION_NAME> Map"`

   b. **Update routing profiles** (~lines 32-36):
      - Check `ors-config.yml` for enabled profiles
      - Update `ROUTING_PROFILES` list to match

   c. **Replace address dictionaries** (~lines 45-83):
      - Replace `SF_ADDRESSES` with `<REGION>_ADDRESSES`
      - Replace `SF_WAYPOINT_ADDRESSES` with `<REGION>_WAYPOINT_ADDRESSES`

   d. **Update all references**:
      - Find/replace all `SF_ADDRESSES` → `<REGION>_ADDRESSES`
      - Find/replace all `SF_WAYPOINT_ADDRESSES` → `<REGION>_WAYPOINT_ADDRESSES`

   e. **Update sidebar text** (~line 106):
      - From: `"**🏠 San Francisco Addresses:**"`
      - To: `"**🏠 <REGION_NAME> Addresses:**"`

   f. **Update map view center** (OPTIMIZATION section):
      - Change default latitude/longitude to region center

**Output:** Function Tester updated

### Step 3: Update Simulator Streamlit

**Goal:** Modify routing.py with region-specific default location

**Actions:**

1. **Edit** `Streamlit/routing.py`:

   a. **Find** the `place_input` default value:
      ```python
      place_input = st.text_input('Choose Input', 'Golden Gate Bridge, San Francisco')
      ```

   b. **Change** to a landmark in `<NOTEBOOK_CITY>`:
      ```python
      place_input = st.text_input('Choose Input', '<LANDMARK>, <NOTEBOOK_CITY>')
      ```
      
      Examples:
      - London: `'Big Ben, London'`
      - Paris: `'Eiffel Tower, Paris'`
      - Berlin: `'Brandenburg Gate, Berlin'`
      - Zurich: `'Zurich Main Station, Zurich'`

**Output:** Simulator updated

### Step 4: Deploy Updated Apps

**Goal:** Upload changes and upgrade the Native App

**Actions:**

1. **Upload** Function Tester:
   ```bash
   snow stage copy Native_app/code_artifacts/streamlit/pages/function_tester.py @OPENROUTESERVICE_NATIVE_APP_PKG.APP_SRC.STAGE/streamlit/pages/ --overwrite
   ```

2. **Upload** Simulator:
   ```bash
   snow stage copy "Streamlit/routing.py" @VEHICLE_ROUTING_SIMULATOR.STREAMLITS.STREAMLIT --overwrite
   ```

3. **Upgrade** Native App:
   ```sql
   ALTER APPLICATION OPENROUTESERVICE_NATIVE_APP UPGRADE USING '@OPENROUTESERVICE_NATIVE_APP_PKG.APP_SRC.STAGE';
   ```

**Output:** Streamlit apps deployed with new coordinates

### Step 5: Test Updates

**Goal:** Verify the apps work with new coordinates

**Actions:**

1. **Open** Native App:
   ```bash
   cd Native_app && snow app open -c <connection>
   ```

2. **Test** Function Tester:
   - Verify page title shows correct region
   - Verify start/end dropdowns have region addresses
   - Test a simple direction calculation

3. **Open** Simulator (after deploy-demo):
   - Verify default location is the new landmark
   - Test search functionality with region-specific places

**Output:** Apps verified working

## Common Region Centers

| Region | Center Lat | Center Lon | Sample City |
|--------|------------|------------|-------------|
| Great Britain | 51.5074 | -0.1278 | London |
| France | 48.8566 | 2.3522 | Paris |
| Germany | 52.5200 | 13.4050 | Berlin |
| Switzerland | 47.3769 | 8.5417 | Zurich |
| New York | 40.7128 | -74.0060 | New York City |

## Stopping Points

- ✋ After Step 1: Review generated coordinates with user
- ✋ After Step 4: Verify deployment succeeded
- ✋ After Step 5: Confirm apps work correctly

## Output

Function Tester and Simulator Streamlit apps customized for `<REGION_NAME>` with appropriate sample addresses and map centering.

Commit message:

fix: Update customization skills to properly chain ORS and demo skills
- Add full skill paths to demo customizations.md
- Add warning that location/vehicles require ORS skills first
- Update streamlits.md with prerequisite note about map/graph updates
- Create ORS customizations.md as entry point for location/vehicle changes
- Document graph build times based on map size and profiles

oss-deploy-route-optimization-demo/skills/customizations/streamlits.md, after:

---
name: customize-streamlits
description: "Update Function Tester and Simulator Streamlit apps with region-specific coordinates. Use when: changing map region, updating sample addresses. Triggers: customize streamlit, update coordinates, update function tester."
---

# Customize Streamlit Apps

Updates the Function Tester and Simulator Streamlit apps with region-specific coordinates and settings.

> **_IMPORTANT:_** This skill only updates the Streamlit app files. If you are changing the map region or vehicle profiles, you MUST first run the ORS skills to download the map and rebuild the routing graphs:
> - **For location changes:** Run `oss-install-openrouteservice-native-app/skills/customizations/location` first
> - **For vehicle changes:** Run `oss-install-openrouteservice-native-app/skills/customizations/vehicles` first
> 
> Otherwise, the Streamlit apps will have new coordinates but the routing engine won't have the map data to service requests in that region.

## Prerequisites

- Active Snowflake connection
- OpenRouteService Native App deployed
- **If changing location:** Map already downloaded via `location.md` skill
- **If changing vehicles:** Profiles already updated via `vehicles.md` skill
- Know the target region and a major city within it
- Access to:
  - `Native_app/code_artifacts/streamlit/pages/function_tester.py`
  - `Streamlit/routing.py`

## Input Parameters

- `<REGION_NAME>`: The map region (e.g., "great-britain", "switzerland")
- `<NOTEBOOK_CITY>`: A major city within the region for sample data (e.g., "London", "Zurich")

## Workflow

### Step 1: Generate Region-Specific Coordinates

**Goal:** Create sample addresses and coordinates for the region

**Actions:**

1. **For the target region**, generate:
   - 5 START addresses with coordinates (landmarks, transport hubs)
   - 5 END addresses with coordinates (different from start)
   - 20 WAYPOINT addresses spread across the region

2. **Each location needs:**
   - `name`: Short name
   - `lat`: Latitude (decimal degrees)
   - `lon`: Longitude (decimal degrees)
   - `full_address`: Complete address string

3. **Example format:**
   ```python
   REGION_ADDRESSES = {
       'start': {
           'Westminster, London': {'lat': 51.4975, 'lon': -0.1357, 'name': 'Westminster', 'full_address': 'Westminster, London SW1A'},
           'Manchester Centre': {'lat': 53.4808, 'lon': -2.2426, 'name': 'Manchester', 'full_address': 'Manchester City Centre'},
       },
       'end': {
           'Canary Wharf': {'lat': 51.5054, 'lon': -0.0235, 'name': 'Canary Wharf', 'full_address': 'Canary Wharf, London E14'},
       }
   }
   
   REGION_WAYPOINT_ADDRESSES = [
       {'name': 'Covent Garden', 'lat': 51.5117, 'lon': -0.1240, 'full_address': 'Covent Garden, London'},
       {'name': 'Liverpool', 'lat': 53.4084, 'lon': -2.9916, 'full_address': 'Liverpool City Centre'},
   ]
   ```

**Output:** Region-specific coordinate data structures

### Step 2: Update Function Tester

**Goal:** Modify function_tester.py with new coordinates

**Actions:**

1. **Edit** `Native_app/code_artifacts/streamlit/pages/function_tester.py`:

   a. **Update page title** (~line 19):
      - From: `page_title="ORS Function Tester For San Francisco Map"`
      - To: `page_title="ORS Function Tester For <REGION_NAME> Map"`

   b. **Update routing profiles** (~lines 32-36):
      - Check `ors-config.yml` for enabled profiles
      - Update `ROUTING_PROFILES` list to match

   c. **Replace address dictionaries** (~lines 45-83):
      - Replace `SF_ADDRESSES` with `<REGION>_ADDRESSES`
      - Replace `SF_WAYPOINT_ADDRESSES` with `<REGION>_WAYPOINT_ADDRESSES`

   d. **Update all references**:
      - Find/replace all `SF_ADDRESSES` → `<REGION>_ADDRESSES`
      - Find/replace all `SF_WAYPOINT_ADDRESSES` → `<REGION>_WAYPOINT_ADDRESSES`

   e. **Update sidebar text** (~line 106):
      - From: `"**🏠 San Francisco Addresses:**"`
      - To: `"**🏠 <REGION_NAME> Addresses:**"`

   f. **Update map view center** (OPTIMIZATION section):
      - Change default latitude/longitude to region center

**Output:** Function Tester updated

### Step 3: Update Simulator Streamlit

**Goal:** Modify routing.py with region-specific default location

**Actions:**

1. **Edit** `Streamlit/routing.py`:

   a. **Find** the `place_input` default value:
      ```python
      place_input = st.text_input('Choose Input', 'Golden Gate Bridge, San Francisco')
      ```

   b. **Change** to a landmark in `<NOTEBOOK_CITY>`:
      ```python
      place_input = st.text_input('Choose Input', '<LANDMARK>, <NOTEBOOK_CITY>')
      ```
      
      Examples:
      - London: `'Big Ben, London'`
      - Paris: `'Eiffel Tower, Paris'`
      - Berlin: `'Brandenburg Gate, Berlin'`
      - Zurich: `'Zurich Main Station, Zurich'`

**Output:** Simulator updated

### Step 4: Deploy Updated Apps

**Goal:** Upload changes and upgrade the Native App

**Actions:**

1. **Upload** Function Tester:
   ```bash
   snow stage copy Native_app/code_artifacts/streamlit/pages/function_tester.py @OPENROUTESERVICE_NATIVE_APP_PKG.APP_SRC.STAGE/streamlit/pages/ --overwrite
   ```

2. **Upload** Simulator:
   ```bash
   snow stage copy "Streamlit/routing.py" @VEHICLE_ROUTING_SIMULATOR.STREAMLITS.STREAMLIT --overwrite
   ```

3. **Upgrade** Native App:
   ```sql
   ALTER APPLICATION OPENROUTESERVICE_NATIVE_APP UPGRADE USING '@OPENROUTESERVICE_NATIVE_APP_PKG.APP_SRC.STAGE';
   ```

**Output:** Streamlit apps deployed with new coordinates

### Step 5: Test Updates

**Goal:** Verify the apps work with new coordinates

**Actions:**

1. **Open** Native App:
   ```bash
   cd Native_app && snow app open -c <connection>
   ```

2. **Test** Function Tester:
   - Verify page title shows correct region
   - Verify start/end dropdowns have region addresses
   - Test a simple direction calculation

3. **Open** Simulator (after deploy-demo):
   - Verify default location is the new landmark
   - Test search functionality with region-specific places

**Output:** Apps verified working

## Common Region Centers

| Region | Center Lat | Center Lon | Sample City |
|--------|------------|------------|-------------|
| Great Britain | 51.5074 | -0.1278 | London |
| France | 48.8566 | 2.3522 | Paris |
| Germany | 52.5200 | 13.4050 | Berlin |
| Switzerland | 47.3769 | 8.5417 | Zurich |
| New York | 40.7128 | -74.0060 | New York City |

## Stopping Points

- ✋ After Step 1: Review generated coordinates with user
- ✋ After Step 4: Verify deployment succeeded
- ✋ After Step 5: Confirm apps work correctly

## Output

Function Tester and Simulator Streamlit apps customized for `<REGION_NAME>` with appropriate sample addresses and map centering.
